= mongoid_auto_inc
Add SQL like auto-incrementing fields to your Mongoid documents.  

This gem is inspired by http://ihswebdesign.com/blog/autoincrement-in-mongodb-with-ruby/ and the mongomapper_id2[https://github.com/phstc/mongomapper_id2] gem.
== Install
  gem install mongoid_auto_inc
== Usage
Just add <tt>auto_increment :field</tt> to your Mongoid model where <tt>:field</tt> is the name of the auto-incremented field you want to create.
Example:
  class Book
    include Mongoid::Document

    field :title
    field :author

    auto_increment :sequence
  end
<tt>auto_increment :sequence</tt> will create a field of type <tt>Integer</tt> named <tt>sequence</tt> for <tt>Book</tt>.  Whenever an instance of the model is created (intially saved to mongoDB), the <tt>auto_increment</tt> field will automatically be set to the next number in the sequence.

You can add more than one auto-incremented field per model.
=== Options
  auto_increment :sequence, :collection => :some_collection
<tt>mongoid_auto_inc</tt> keeps track of the current number in the sequence by creating a separate document mongoDB to query and update.  By default <tt>auto_increment</tt> will save this document to a mongoDB collection called <tt>sequences</tt>.  If you wish to save to a different collection use the <tt>:collection</tt> option to specify its name.

  auto_increment :sequence, :seed => 3333
Use the <tt>:seed</tt> option to set the initial value of the auto-incremented field.  The first number assigned from the sequence will be the next number after the seed value.
